Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
LADIES
AND GENTLEMEN,
MICHELANGELO
THE MAGNIFICENT!
THANK YOU, CAITLIN.
I WILL NOW PERFORM
MY FAMOUS
RABBIT-OUT-OF-A-HAT TRICK.
AS YOU CAN SEE,
THE HAT IS EMPTY.
LIKE YOUR HEAD.
OH, NOT TRUE.
THAT HEAD'S
GOT SOME BRAINS,
ONLY THEY'RE NOT
MICHELANGELO'S.
COME ON, DUDES.
I'M TRYING TO PERFORM
SOME SERIOUS MAGIC HERE.
ABRACADABRA!
RABBIT, APPEAR.
WHOA! WELL, IT WAS HERE
A MINUTE AGO.
HERE IT IS,
MICHELANGELO.
RIGHT. WELL,
THAT WAS THE FAMOUS
RABBIT-OFF-OF-MY-HEAD TRICK.
WHOA, DUDES,
I'VE GOT MORE TRICKS.
WE'VE SEEN ENOUGH.
HOLY SMOKE!
THE GREAT BOLDINI SHOW
AT THE MUSEUM
IS STARTING SOON.
WE GOTTA GET GOING.
WE WOULDN'T
MISS IT, KIDS.
THIS BOLDINI
IS SUPPOSED TO BE
A REALLY GOOD MAGICIAN.
RIGHT. I BET I COULD
DO HIS TRICKS.
SURE YOU COULD.
AND NOT ONLY IS TONIGHT
THE UNVEILING
OF THE FABULOUS
TORTELLINI EMERALD,
BUT ALSO OUR CITY'S
FIRST LOOK
AT AN INCREDIBLE
MAGICIAN,
THE GREAT BOLDINI.
I HAVE HERE
THE CURATOR OF
THE CITY MUSEUM,
DR. FISHFINE.
TELL US ABOUT
THE FABULOUS
TORTELLINI EMERALD,
DOCTOR.
UH, YES. WELL,
IT'S, UH...UH, GREEN.
IT'S, UH,
EXTREMELY VALUABLE.
THAT'S ALL?
UH, WELL, ACTUALLY,
MY AREA OF EXPERTISE
IS PALEONTOLOGY,
MISS O'NEIL.
I KNOW NOTHING ABOUT GEMS.
STAY TUNED FOR
THE GREAT BOLDINI.
HI, TURTLES.
HOW YOU DOIN'?
All: HEY, APRIL!
HI, ZACH. HEY,
WHO'S YOUR FRIEND?
THIS IS CAITLIN. SHE WANTS
TO BE A TURTLE LIKE ME.
I WANT TO BE
A TURTLE LIKE YOU,
MISS O'NEIL.
WELL,
I'M NOT EXACTLY
A TURTLE, CAITLIN.
SEE, APRIL'S MORE
OF AN ASSOCIATE TURTLE.
IF SHE PASSES THE TEST,
SHE GETS PROMOTED
TO SECOND ASSISTANT TURTLE,
AHEAD OF MICHELANGELO.
MONDO AMUSING, DUDE.
AND NOW,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
THE GREAT BOLDINI!
THANK YOU,
THANK YOU.
AND NOW, THE GREAT BOLDINI
WILL PERFORM
HIS GREATEST ILLUSION.
THE MUSEUM HAS
A STATE-OF-THE-ART
LASER ALARM SYSTEM.
ARMED GUARDS ARE
POSTED AT EVERY EXIT.
AND SURVEILLANCE MONITORS
COVER EVERY CORNER
OF THE GEM ROOM.
DESPITE THIS HIGH SECURITY,
THE GREAT BOLDINI
WILL MAKE
THE TORTELLINI
EMERALD VANISH
BEFORE OUR VERY EYES.
THAT EMERALD BELONGED
TO MY GRANDFATHER,
TONY THE TICKLER
TURTELLI.
THEN HOW COME
THEY GOT IT, BOSS?
BECAUSE THE POLICE
CAUGHT HIM COMING OUT
OF THE MUSEUM WITH IT.
BUT IT'S GOING TO BE BACK
IN THE FAMILY AGAIN.
GET THE VAN READY, RODNEY.
I'M GOING TO THE MUSEUM.
AND NOW, LADIES
AND GENTLEMEN,
THE VANISHING EMERALD.
AND NOW...DISAPPEAR!
THIS IS APRIL O'NEIL,
CHANNEL 6 NEWS,
LIVE FROM THE CITY MUSEUM.
THAT CONCLUDES THE SHOW.
SOMEBODY HIT ME
AND TIED ME UP!
I DIDN'T FINISH
MY TRICK!
THE TORTELLINI EMERALD
HAS BEEN...STOLEN!
APRIL WAS WRONG.
THE SHOW ISN'T OVER,
IT'S JUST BEGINNING.
NOW, NOW. THERE'S
NO CAUSE FOR ALARM, FOLKS.
BUT SOMEONE HERE
IS A DIRTY ROTTEN THIEF,
AND WE'RE GOING TO
SEARCH EVERY ONE OF YOU
UNTIL WE FIND HIM.
IF THEY SEARCH US,
DUDES,
THEY'LL FIND
SOMETHING GREEN,
BUT IT WON'T BE THE EMERALD!
WE'LL HAVE TO FIND
A WAY OUT OF HERE
BEFORE THAT HAPPENS.
YOU KIDS GO WAIT
WITH APRIL
IN THE CONTROL ROOM.
AW, WE WANT TO STAY
WITH YOU!
YEAH. WE CAN KEEP
AN EYE OUT FOR
SUSPICIOUS PEOPLE.
I'M AFRAID NOT, KIDS.
AFTER THE POLICE
GET THROUGH HERE,
APRIL WILL TAKE YOU HOME.
ZACH, LOOK.
THERE GOES
SOMEBODY SUSPICIOUS.
IN MY MAGIC BOOK,
THERE'S A TRICK
WHERE YOU CAN
TIE YOURSELF UP
AND YOU WIND UP LOOKING
JUST LIKE BOLDINI DID.
LET'S FOLLOW HIM.
I DON'T KNOW.
LEONARDO SAID...
WHAT IF HE'S THE THIEF
AND WE HELP CATCH HIM?
WE'LL BE HEROES!
HE WENT INTO
THAT STORAGE ROOM.
LET'S GO.
HE'S GONE!
NOW, THAT'S
A MAGIC TRICK.
WAIT A MINUTE.
THIS GRATE IS LOOSE.
BOLDINI MUST HAVE
GONE IN HERE.
COME ON, CAITLIN.
I BET HE WENT THIS WAY.
WHAT A BIG
BASEMENT.
I WONDER WHERE
BOLDINI WENT.
NOW, WHERE IS IT?
AH! I HAVE THE EMERALD!
THANK YOU VERY MUCH,
COUSIN BOLDINI.
MY PLEASURE,
COUSIN DON TURTELLI.
DON TURTELLI?
THE TURTLES TOLD ME
ABOUT HIM.
HE'S A BIG CROOK.
O'FLAHERTY, HAVE HALF YOUR MEN
SECURE THE PERIMETER.
RIGHT-O,
LIEUTENANT FRONSKI.
I'LL PUT THEM
AROUND THE MUSEUM, TOO.
THE REST COME WITH ME.
WE GOTTA
WARN THE TURTLES.
THIS LITTLE ELEVATOR
YOU INSTALLED
UNDER THE DISPLAY CASE
WORKED GOOD.
YEAH. ONE OF MY CONSTRUCTION
COMPANIES DID IT,
AND THEY DUG THIS ESCAPE
ROUTE THROUGH THE SEWERS.
I'M GETTING
OUT OF HERE.
BUT YOU DID GOOD,
BOLDINI.
TYING YOURSELF UP
REALLY FOOLED THEM.
WE'VE GOT NO TIME
TO WARN THE TURTLES.
HE'S GETTING AWAY.
WHAT?
COME BACK
WITH MY EMERALD.
LIEUTENANT,
THESE MEN ARE WITH ME.
YOU DON'T NEED
TO SEARCH THEM.
MISS O'NEIL,
WE HAVE TO SEARCH
EVERYBODY, EVEN YOU.
FAITH AND I'M SORRY,
MISS O'NEIL.
IS THIS GONNA BE
A STRIP SEARCH?
I HOPE NOT.
THIS IS A FAMILY SHOW.
DEAD END!
GIVE ME THAT EMERALD,
YOU LITTLE BRATS.
HEY, WHAT THE...
ALL RIGHT.
NO MORE PLAYING
HIDE-AND-SEEK.
RIGHT. NOW WE PLAY
CUT-AND-RUN.
THE NINJA TURTLES!
THEY MUST HAVE
STOLEN THE EMERALD!
ARREST THEM!
DO YOU DUDES REALIZE
WHAT THIS IS GOING TO DO
TO OUR REPS?
WE CAN'T ALLOW
OURSELVES
TO GET ARRESTED.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I LOOK TERRIBLE IN STRIPES.
GIVE ME THAT!
SURE. CATCH.
NO! DON'T THROW IT!
RUN, ZACH.
I GOT YOU.
LET GO OF ME,
YOU CREEP.
HEY, KID.
LET'S MAKE A TRADE.
YOU GIVE ME
THE TORTELLINI
EMERALD,
I GIVE YOU BACK
YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
SHE'S NOT
MY GIRLFRIEND.
I AIN'T GOT TIME
TO DISCUSS YOUR
RELATIONSHIPS, KID.
GIVE ME THAT EMERALD
OR SHE'LL SUFFER
THE CONSEQUENCES.
TAKE THEIR WEAPONS
AND PUT THE CUFFS ON 'EM.
OH, NO. THEY'RE
ARRESTING THE TURTLES.
YOU'LL COME ALONG QUIETLY,
MY GREEN LADS.
WHAT'S THE MATTER, DUDE,
HAVEN'T YOU EVER SEEN
4-FOOT-TALL TURTLES BEFORE?
FAITH AND BEGORRAH!
THE LITTLE PEOPLE!
SEAN,
I KNOW WE'RE SHORT,
BUT NOT THAT SHORT.
YOU'VE GOT
THE WRONG PEOPLE
HERE, LIEUTENANT.
THEY DON'T NEED
ANY EMERALD.
THEY'VE GOT
POTS O' GOLD.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT O'FLAHERTY?
THEY'RE LEPRECHAUNS.
YOU ARE NUTS!
TURTLES, NOW!
TURTLE POWER!
COME BACK!
STOP!
I DIDN'T GET MY WISH!
IN AN AMAZING TURN
OF EVENTS,
POLICE HAVE ARRESTED
THE TEENAGE MUTANT
NINJA TURTLES
FOR THE THEFT
OF THE THE TORTELLINI
EMERALD.
SO LONG, APRIL.
MIND IF WE
TAKE YOUR VAN?
STOP, TURTLES!
HALT, LEPRECHAUNS.
UH, CORRECTION.
THE TEENAGE MUTANT
NINJA TURTLES
HAVE ESCAPED
POLICE CUSTODY.
STOP!
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST!
CAR 3-9 REPORTING
4 ESCAPED...UH...
LITTLE GREEN MEN.
LEPRECHAUNS.
NOW, AFTER THEM.
ALL RIGHT, KID.
THIS IS
YOUR LAST CHANCE.
COME OUT NOW
OR THE GIRL GETS IT.
PROMISE YOU'LL LET US GO?
DON'T DO IT,
ZACH!
WHERE DO YOU WANT
IT, BLONDIE?
UNDER YOUR ARM?
THE SOLES OF YOUR
FEET?
OH, I CAN'T WATCH.
ALL RIGHT, YOU RATS.
RATS?
DID SOMEONE CALL?
GREETINGS, HUMANS.
I AM THE RAT KING.
WHAT'S THE MEANING
OF THIS?
THE RAT KING?
AND WHICH ONE
OF THESE
IS YOUR RAT QUEEN,
BANDAGE FACE?
HOW DARE YOU MOCK
MY ROYAL MAJESTY?
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
CALL OFF THE DOGS--
UH, RATS.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
YOU HAVE BUILT A TUNNEL
IN MY ROYAL DOMAIN
WITHOUT MY PERMISSION.
YOUR DOMAIN
IS IN THE SEWER?
BECAUSE YOU HAVE TRESPASSED,
YOU MUST PAY A TAX,
AND I THINK THAT EMERALD
WILL DO VERY NICELY.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
THAT'S MY EMERALD.
I'LL NEVER GIVE IT
TO YOU.
I'D LIKE-A TO POINT OUT
THE TORTELLINI EMERALD
NOW BELONGS TO
THE TWO LITTLE KIDS,
AND YOU'VE JUST-A
LET 'EM ESCAPE!
THE POLICE ARE
CATCHING UP!
IF WE CAN MAKE IT
TO OUR SEWER ENTRANCE,
WE'LL BE OK.
I NEVER THOUGHT
THIS WOULD HAPPEN.
WE'RE FUGITIVES
FROM JUSTICE.
TURTLES ON THE LAM,
RUNNING FROM THE COPS,
HUNTED NIGHT AND DAY.
DONATELLO HERE.
ARE YOU GUYS ALL RIGHT?
WE WILL BE IF MICHELANGELO
STOPS PRETENDING
HE'S IN A GANGSTER MOVIE.
I'VE BEEN LOOKING
FOR ZACH AND CAITLIN.
HAVE YOU SEEN 'EM?
WE SENT THEM
TO STAY WITH YOU.
THEN THE LITTLE DUDES MUST
STILL BE INSIDE THE MUSEUM.
NO SIGN OF THOSE
BRATS ANYWHERE.
I'LL FIND THEM FOR YOU,
FOR A PRICE.
SURE, ANYTHING.
JUST GET THAT EMERALD.
GO, MY LOYAL SUBJECTS.
FIND THOSE CHILDREN,
AND KEEP EVERYONE ELSE
OUT OF THE MUSEUM.
WHERE ARE THEY GOING?
TO THE MUSEUM'S COMPUTER ROOM
TO MAKE SURE
WE'RE NOT DISTURBED.
RATS!
AFTER THE RAT ATTACK,
SOMETHING OR SOMEONE
HAS REPROGRAMMED
THE MUSEUM'S
SECURITY COMPUTERS,
CLOSING ALL DOORS
AND WINDOWS.
THE FUGITIVE TEENAGE
MUTANT NINJA TURTLES
ARE BEING BLAMED.
THIS IS APRIL O'NEIL
FOR CHANNEL 6 NEWS.
WHAT'S GOING ON
OVER THERE?
YOU GUYS ARE ON
THE 10-MOST-WANTED LIST.
THE SECURITY SYSTEM
WENT HAYWIRE, AND--
FELLAS,
CHECK THIS OUT.
TURTELLI MUSEUM
REMODELING.
DON TURTELLI.
RIGHT. HE MUST BE BEHIND
THIS GEM THEFT.
AND CHANCES ARE
HE'S STILL IN THE MUSEUM...
WITH THE KIDS!
WHERE ARE WE GOING?
THE FRONT DOOR'S
JUST AHEAD.
THIS WAY.
THEY'RE COMING!
OHH, IT'S LOCKED.
NOW WHAT?
WE GOTTA HIDE THIS
EMERALD...BUT WHERE?
THE LAST PLACE
THEY'D EVER LOOK FOR IT.
COME ON.
IT GETS WORSE, GUYS.
THERE'S NO WAY
INTO THE MUSEUM.
AND THERE SEEMS TO BE
AN INVASION OF RATS!
RATS?
THAT MEANS THAT ZACH
AND CAITLIN
ARE IN THERE WITH
DON TURTELLI
AND THE RAT KING!
AND WE CAN'T
GET TO THEM!
YOU BRATS ARE GONNA
TELL ME
WHERE YOU STASHED
THAT EMERALD
OR YOU'LL BE
VERY SORRY.
I--I ALREADY AM!
I'M WORRIED ABOUT
THOSE LITTLE DUDES.
HOW ARE WE
GONNA GET IN?
DON TURTELLI
HAS TO HAVE SOME WAY
OF GETTING
THE TORTELLINI EMERALD
OUT OF THE MUSEUM,
AND IT WOULDN'T BE
BY THE DOOR.
HE GOT IN
THROUGH THE SEWER.
THEN HE COULD
ALREADY BE GONE!
HE WOULDN'T
LEAVE THIS TRUCK HERE.
LET'S GO, FELLAS.
HOLD IT RIGHT THERE,
YOU WRETCHED
BLARNEY DEVILS.
WRETCHED...WHAT?
I KNEW YOU'D RETURN
TO THE SCENE
OF THE CRIME.
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST,
THE LOT OF YA.
MISS O'NEIL,
I CAN ONLY HOPE
YOU'RE HERE
AGAINST YOUR WILL.
YOU'RE
TOO PRETTY A LASS
TO BE MIXED UP WITH
THE LIKES OF THESE.
SERGEANT, YOU'VE
GOT TO BELIEVE ME.
THESE TURTLES DID NOT STEAL
THE TORTELLINI EMERALD.
IF YOU LET 'EM GO, THEY'LL
CAPTURE THE ONES WHO DID!
SERGEANT, GIVE US AN HOUR.
IF WE CAN'T CATCH THOSE CROOKS,
WE'LL TURN OURSELVES IN.
IF LIEUTENANT
FRONSKI KNEW I
LET YA GET AWAY
AGAIN, HE'D...
YOU'VE GOT ONE HOUR!
THANKS, SERGEANT.
NO--NO MORE!
THEN TELL US
WHERE YOU HID
THE TORTELLINI EMERALD.
NEVER!
I CAN'T STAND
TO WATCH.
I'M GOING TO PICK UP
SOME ARTSY STUFF
TO DECORATE
MY KINGDOM.
SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF THIS ONE?
WHAT ABOUT
THIS ONE?
I THOUGHT SO.
THE RAT KING!
I THOUGHT
I SMELLED A RAT.
FOR THAT
YOU WILL SUFFER.
SMOKE BOMB!
I HATE IT
WHEN HE DOES THAT.
HE'S GONE.
THAT'S THE KIDS!
CLIMATE
CONTROL COMPUTER.
YES, MY PETS,
GIVE THEM SOME WEATHER
TO TALK ABOUT.
THEIR VOICES
CAME FROM THIS DIRECTION.
THIS IS OUTDOOR
WEATHER, DUDES.
SOMEBODY
HAS REPROGRAMMED
THE MUSEUM'S
CLIMATE CONTROLS!
HAD ENOUGH?
OH, ALL RIGHT,
I'LL TE--I'LL TELL.
WHERE IS IT?
THE TORTELLINI EMERALD,
BACK IN THE FAMILY AGAIN.
COME ON, CAITLIN! RUN!
COME BACK HERE, YOU!
NEVER MIND THEM.
WE'VE GOT THE EMERALD.
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE.
IF WE DON'T
GET OUT OF THIS SNOW,
WE'RE GONNA FREEZE
OUR SHELLS OFF!
DUDES,
IF WE HAVE TO GO,
LET'S AT LEAST DO IT
BY A PICTURE
OF MALIBU.
MICHELANGELO!
LEONARDO!
HEY, THAT SOUNDED
LIKE ZACH'S VOICE.
IT CAME
FROM UP AHEAD.
HELP! HELP!
CAITLIN! ZACH!
YOU'RE ALL RIGHT NOW.
BUT DON TURTELLI
AND BOLDINI ARE GETTING AWAY
WITH THE EMERALD!
THE GREAT BOLDINI?
I KNEW THAT DUDE
WAS A CROOK.
WHY?
'CAUSE HE WASN'T
THAT GREAT A MAGICIAN.
WE'VE GOTTA
TURN OFF THIS WEATHER!
BUT HOW?
MY SCHOOL TOURED
THIS MUSEUM.
I KNOW WHERE
THE COMPUTER ROOM IS!
I'LL SHOW YOU THE SECRET WAY
DOWN TO THE BASEMENT!
DONATELLO,
YOU TAKE CAITLIN
AND FIX THE COMPUTER.
WE'LL CATCH
THOSE CROOKS.
WHERE THE HECK
IS THAT OPENING?
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO PUT IT
IN THE FLOOR-A.
HEY, I WASN'T
EXPECTING IT TO SNOW.
YOUR WEATHER REPORT
JUST GOT WORSE.
RIGHT. NOW IT'S SNOW
WITH A CHANCE OF TURTLES.
THE TURTLES!
NOW WHAT?
COME ON, TURTLES!
TRY AND GET ME,
SHELLS FOR BRAINS.
YEAH, COME ON!
THIS MEANS WAR!
AH, WHAT A MESS.
WE'LL NEVER GET THIS
CLIMATE CONTROL COMPUTER
WORKING.
MAYBE WE CAN LINK UP
THE CLIMATE CONTROLS
TO ONE OF THESE
OTHER COMPUTERS.
HEY, IT MIGHT WORK.
SAY, YOU'RE PRETTY GOOD.
IF YOU'RE GONNA SAY,
"FOR A GIRL,"
FORGET IT.
DIDN'T YOU, LIKE,
ASK THOSE GUYS
TO FIX THE WEATHER?
THIS MUST BE
BOLDINI'S MAGIC STUFF.
MICHELANGELO!
MAYBE
WE CAN USE THESE.
THERE'S THE OPENING.
LET'S GO.
SORRY!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THERE.
THAT SHOULD DO IT.
OK. I'VE GOT THE
CLIMATE CIRCUIT SET.
LET'S TRY IT.
CAITLIN AND DONATELLO
MUST HAVE FIXED
THE COMPUTER.
BUT DON TURTELLI AND BOLDINI
ARE GETTING AWAY.
NOT IF I CAN HELP IT.
STOP!
GET OUT OF THE WAY,
KID, OR--
JEWEL, RETURN TO YOUR
RIGHTFUL PLACE.
THAT'S-A MY TRICK.
NO WAY.
MICHELANGELO THE MAGNIFICENT
WILL STOP YOU
WITH THESE MAGICAL
ROPES OF STEEL.
MY PIGEONS.
G-GET OUT A HERE.
MAGICAL ROPES
OF STEEL?
OH, MAYBE I PUT ON
THE WRONG HAT.
BUT THIS IS
THE RIGHT ROPE.
LET ME GO!
I WANT TO CALL
MY LAWYER.
HEY GUYS, WE GOT
THE MUSEUM DOORS OPEN.
SO WE BETTER LEAVE
AND AVOID THE CROWDS.
WHAT IN THE DEVIL'S
GOIN' ON?
THE TEENAGE MUTANT
NINJA TURTLES
JUST CAUGHT
YOUR JEWEL THIEF,
SERGEANT.
O'FLAHERTY,
ARE YOU DOWN THERE?
COME ON, TURTLES,
TIME FOR US TO GO.
COVER FOR US, APRIL.
DON'T I ALWAYS?
O'FLAHERTY?
AND I COULDN'T HAVE
CAPTURED THESE CROOKS
WITHOUT THE HELP OF...
THE TEENAGE MUTANT
NINJA LEPRECHAUNS.
THAT'S US,
ME BOYS.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org